Pablo Bermejo

Product Leader
Distinguished Technologist
X
email
berme.io
Bio
With 20+ years in IT, I’ve proven that no challenge is too big. I’ve led global enterprise software initiatives from concept to scale, taking on technical leadership roles to drive peak team performance. Now, as a product leader specialized in the foundational platforms that power global enterprise SaaS, I bring hands-on technical expertise with a strategic product perspective, leveraging cutting-edge technology to drive lasting financial impact. I lead by example, fostering high personal and community growth that supports sustained success across organizations.
Specialties
Technical Product Management & Strategy, Technology & Talent Management, Software Architecture & Engineering, Systems Integration, Cloud and Infrastructure, AI Platforms, SaaS Platforms, Developer tools and frameworks.
I write software
I write about software
I am a developer advocate
I shaped up and helped to implement a company-wide developers portal.
As a community contributor, I launched enterprise-grade frontend development tools into open source, empowering developers worldwide.
I am a hands-on architect
As a certified AWS Solutions Architect, I can design, build, and  automate cloud services to build enterprise-grade software, using full-stack JavaScript (React, Next.js, Node).
I also build side projects like Octotype.app, a blogging platform that lets developers publish stories using GitHub Issues as a CMS.
And I can do it in several languages

Hablo español nativo 🇪🇸 
Very fluent in English 🇬🇧 
Ich kann etwas Deutsch, auch 🇩🇪 
I am passionate about the future of software
I wrote the book Building Software Platforms to inspire and empower the tech community (from technical leaders to developers) to build exceptional enterprise software.
I’ve been sharing ideas, thoughts, and essays on different topics of the software industry since 2007 in my personal blog, which I built myself.
Significant Accomplishments
Emerging Technology Research: Partnered with a global research organization (2008-2010) to analyze the impact of new web technologies on the enterprise.
Leadership Recognition: Earned multiple tech honors at DXC Technology, including the Distinguished Technologist award in 2021, for advancing technical excellence and talent growth.
Author and Industry Speaker:  Promoted innovation across the field by publishing a book (2021), authoring articles and technical whitepapers, and presenting at global developer conferences and university seminars.
Enterprise Platform Delivery: Led globally-distributed, cross-functional teams to launch two major enterprise cloud platforms in the last 6 years, from ideation to scale, driving meaningful business impact.
Asturias, Spain
linkedin

I deliver software
2020 - 2022
Principal Product Manager, Cloud Platform

I led the product roadmap and technology direction for the core internal development platform powering DXC Assure, a cloud-native, automated Insurance SaaS solution. I led a global team of product owners, architects, and engineers to build and launch serverless development tools at enterprise scale, empowering DXC’s product teams to deliver innovative insurance software with unprecedented speed to market. As a result, I helped DXC Insurance Software transform from a traditional vendor to a recognized SaaS provider, driving 20% growth in sales and revenue with compelling case studies. Awarded DXC Distinguished Technologist.
2022 - Today
Lead Product Manager, Digital Platform

As the Product Leader for Jutro, a new Digital Cloud Platform for the P&C industry, I am responsible for the entire product lifecycle, from ideation and execution to adoption and scaling. I lead a diverse global team of technical Product Managers, engineers, and UX designers, fostering collaboration and innovation to drive the future of digital insurance. I championed Jutro's launch, rapidly driving developer adoption and securing live implementations with global insurers. As Jutro scales, I am working to enable a robust partner development ecosystem that contributes with content, fueling community success and making Jutro an industry-leading digital platform.
2014 - 2020
Pablo Bermejo

Product Leader
Distinguished Technologist
Senior Manager, Architecture and Engineering

DXC set a bold vision to transform into a SaaS company to drive business growth. To enable this transition, I established and led a global team to build an internal development platform, growing from 4 developers to 20 cross-functional experts, including architects, UX designers, and award-winning technical leaders. I fostered a culture of mentorship, innovation, and engineering excellence. This platform evolved from concept to a market-ready product, now central to DXC’s SaaS strategy and key to DXC Insurance Software’s cloud transition.
2013 - 2014
Director, Application Delivery Services  

Reporting to CSC Belgium senior management, I acted as a change agent to revitalize an underperforming Application Development service (Software Factory) for a major global bank in Brussels. My efforts enabled CSC to meet all contractual QoS indicators and SLAs, securing an additional year of customer engagement and restoring client confidence.
2003 - 2013
Application Developer / Architect / Manager

I started my career developing and architecting applications for large-scale systems integrations programs across diverse industries. Later, I helped with the expansion of a Regional Delivery Center, launching and leading an application development service with 40+ members.
